Go Go was good fire it up baby fire it
up it was go tough fire up the Bronco
baby far up the Ford Bronco baby's going
tough yeah we drive it all the way to
Paris baby all the way to France mother
suckers we're going out they driving
load it up meet me on Elm Street me
nightmare on elm street let's go be it's
going down no kuhnert cool nerds I'm
fired up right now baby I can't tell you
like these these French boys these
friends these friends boys and got me
motivated I'm telling you Daniel Pepe Le
Pew drug dealer to the crew that got me
fucked to play pop baby we write me and
the boys is rolling out tonight we're
going all the way to France baby drive
your smooth clean engine trans mother
suckers we're going out Andy most by the
soldiers took six thousand copies of
modern warfare 3 we're going out we're
going all the way to friends to get all
purchases by the suckers we're going all
the way out there man that's what I'm
talking about six dollars in six
thousand six hundred thousand copies a
lot of worth in three was was robbed at
night out so they ever got me motivated
any light bulb they didn't put a light
bulb into my head thing meaning the
cruise going all but not the knife thing
you're going out there yeah when I
Skyrim hit show we're coming right
before that Skyrim head shelf if they
pepe le pew and the crew can do it I
know us American boys can do it I know
Sylvester Stallone in Terminator baby
John McClane Bruce Willis will you hung
up your dear mother suckers but
definitely killed the crew can do it I
know what's American boys can do it
Arnold Schwarzenegger we rollin out
yellow and they and they can still six
thousand copies six thousand dollars we
be loaded up on some Skyrim's tonight
baby the security is weak over there
that's what I'm talking about me and the
fellas yellow we rollin Bob doubt baby
we modeled it out the night side and
then the corners when the rodeo text me
you know there's any up on the text yeah
we're rolling up we want you too stronk
owner and we might need a cat burglar
colder a cat burglar kuhner you know
absurd cat burglar easy on the feet
thing you landed no matter what you
raise it on those two balls in the fake
baby you like our sixth up 6011 copies
of Skyrim cooler looking for an early
copy of Skyrim messaged me on Facebook
may I got that cockeysville yo we're
over now you're the poisons hit me up
son we rolling it go it's time to go
load up the for Braco by the suckers
let's go